[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
the world had bravely weathered
the monstrous attacks
of a seemingly
invincible Majin Buu,
and Goku and his friends
summoned the Great Shenron
to undo the bulk
of the damage he'd done.
In this brief
calm between storms,
they urgently planned
their next moves,
desperate to think of
any new strategy
for defeating
the terrible menace.
It's time.
The Fusion can't wait.
Yeah, you're right.
[BABIDI]
Greetings, people of Earth.
You should all be hearing
my voice now, loud and clear.
Stop what you're doing,
if you don't mind.
It's time we had a chat.
Oh, you can look around all
you want, you won't find me.
I'm speaking directly into each
and every one of your brains
using the power
of magic, of course.
[NARRATOR] An even darker
storm is brewing, now.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] "Find the Nuisances.
Babidi's Retaliation Begins!"
[BABIDI] Sorry to
interrupt your peaceful
and largely insignificant lives.
But unfortunately I've had
a rather bad experience
because of three unsavory
people in your midst.
And now I need your help
to locate these villains.
Who is that?
So, you guys are
hearing that voice, too?
I do. What's going on here?
[BABIDI] Close your eyes,
and pay attention!
I'm about to send you
their images so you can
all do your part.
Now what's he up to?
[BABIDI] You should be seeing
them in your mind right now.
These are the three
miscreants I need to find.
[PICCOLO grunts]
[ROSHI grunts]
Come out, come out!
I'm sure the three of you
are seeing this, too.
You should step forward,
and make this easier
on the rest of the world.
Oh, sorry, rest of the world,
where are my manners?
You don't even know who I am!
I'm the great and
terrifying Wizard Babidi.
And this is
my servant, Majin Buu,
who's even more
terrifying than me!
The strongest warriors
on your planet have already
tried to stop him, and none
of them stood a chance!
[laughs]
You should all
be seeing a city now.
Pleasantly quaint,
don't you think?
Now here's the tiniest sample
of what will happen
if those three
don't give themselves up!
No! He can't!
[BABIDI] Wars can be so dirty,
and I hate making a mess.
No, it's much better to keep
things elegant and playful!
Okay, let's begin, Majin Buu!
[BUU]
Mmm. Upsie!
[PEDESTRIANS gasping, screaming]
That cold-blooded bastard!
What is he gonna do to them now?
Aah. What should
Buu make them be?
Cake? Ah, no,
Buu have enough cake.
Oh! Turn into hard candy!
[gasps]
[BUU laughs]
[inhales]
Aah!
I hope you were
paying attention!
Because that could
happen to you next!
[laughs]
[BABIDI] Unless those three
show themselves--
or one of you turn them in--
every person on
this planet gets eaten.
But oh, look, there's no one
left in this entire city!
And like with
any empty package
after the food's been eaten,
we can't leave it out;
we must throw it away!
[BUU]
Mhmm. Mhmm.
So don't you worry.
We are responsible citizens
of this great universe.
We'll clean up our mess,
won't we Majin Buu?
Just be careful with your power.
We don't want to clear out
the entire planet just yet.
Okay! Okay!
[PICCOLO grunts]
Damn it!
All those lives. And it's
just some kind of game to him.
--[BUU inhales]
--[BABIDI chuckles]
[BUU exhales]
[coughs]
Mmm, hm-hmmm.
[BABIDI]
Ooh.
Well, that didn't work out.
It looks like we made
a mess that's even bigger!
But anyway, let's review.
This guy.
And this guy.
[PEDESTRIANS gasp, murmur]
[GOKU grunts]
Tell me where to find them
or you'll all be
turned into some kind
of tasty treat.
You'll be eaten and
your cities destroyed
because we're not
very good at cleaning.
[PICCOLO grunts]
Now let me see.
At a comfortable pace
we should wipe out
your whole planet
in about five days.
So I suggest
you turn them in quickly
if you'd prefer to stick around.
[chuckles]
Piccolo. Whatever he does,
Shenron can make it right.
Oh, I forgot.
You might be thinking,
"Babidi, I can help!
But I don't know
how to reach you
because my brain's
so very tiny and weak!"
Well, don't you worry
because my powers
are doing all the work!
Just call out to me in your mind
and I'll get the signal!
You'll only have
to concentrate a bit.
You three can
contact me as well
but I don't expect
you to be so heroic.
Come on! Whoever
knows those people,
just hand 'em over!
I've worked too hard
to become candy!
Somebody must know!
It's better them than us!
Well, I've got
no idea who they are,
and this has nothing
to do with me!
They've got to come
forward and save us all!
It's their fault
this is happening.
I don't want that horrible
thing to eat me, too!
I've been studying for
my final exams every day
for the last seven weeks.
If that pink creature
transforms me into candy
and devours me
before me the test,
then I turned down all those
parties for nothing!
This cannot happen,
we're getting married tomorrow.
We've spent all our savings
for this wedding,
and my whole family's in town.
Do you have any idea how much
I spent on that dress?
Hey! How's this my fault?
[MONK 11A]
Aah.
Yeah, I'm positive
it's them. It has to be.
[BUU hollers cheerfully]
Oh? It would appear
we already
have our first informant. Mmm.
[MONK 11A] Um, hello?
Can you hear me?
I was a staff member
at this year's
World Martial Arts Tournament.
We just held it today,
actually.
Yes, I'm listening.
Those three guys
you're looking for,
they were all competitors;
I have the registry right here.
[BABIDI]
Delightful! Who are they?
Ah. Let's see.
The green one's named...
Ma Junior.
And one second here. Hmm.
The kids are
Trunks and Goten, sir.
You really think I care
what they call themselves?
Just tell me
where I can find them.
[MONK 11A]
Oh, uh, I'm not sure.
We didn't get their addresses.
So all you know
are their names?
And you've just been
wasting my time?
Uh! I just thought--
[groans]
Help! Me!
Monster!
And please don't
bother me with information
that's wrong or unhelpful.
Unless you want to
end up like that gasbag.
He's got no heart at all.
[ALL grunt]
You understand;
I'm a busy wizard.
I've got thousands
of cities to destroy,
not to mention all those
suburbs and country homes.
It's exhausting
to even think about!
Come on Majin Buu, let's go!
[BUU]
Ah-aah!
[BABIDI]
Now cross your fingers!
I may be coming to your town
next, and it won't be to chat!
And don't bother running off
or hiding under some rock.
I can promise you
it won't do any good.
Like I said, I'll destroy
every single one of you
in the next five days
if I don't get what I want.
So you better talk to me soon!
[BUU]
Hm-hmmm!
He'll pay! I'll make him pay!
How could anyone do that?
This is giving me
quite a terrible headache.
So, that wizard
and his monster,
they're the ones who
killed Vegeta and Gohan?
Yeah. Those two don't care
how many people they hurt.
With those powers
Majin Buu had on display,
maybe five days is all the time
they would need to do it.
There's no reason
to let all those people
become victims.
I'll step forward.
What are you
talking about Piccolo,
you're smarter than that!
[PICCOLO growls]
[GOKU] If you die, there won't
be anyone to teach
Goten and Trunks Fusion when
it's time for me to leave.
[PICCOLO grunts]
And if they don't learn Fusion,
how can we possibly
hope to stop Buu?
Babidi is not gonna
quit until everyone
on this planet is dead.
You know that's true.
A lot of innocent people
down there are going to
fall victim to Majin Buu
before Goten and Trunks
are ready to face him.
And you're the one who told us
we'd have to suffer
through all that, aren't you?
[PICCOLO growls]
But every life they take
and every city they destroy
can be wished back to normal
with the Dragon Balls.
Okay? We'll bring them back.
It's hard to face
but he's right.
It's true. This is
a time to be patient.
[PICCOLO grunts]
So be it.
[TRUNKS groans]
Uh! Hey. Where the heck am I?
Huh.
Doesn't look familiar.
I have no idea where
this is or how we got here.
Hey! Goten! Wake up!
Help me figure this out!
[GOTEN]
Mmm.
Jeez! What if we're
on some enemy spaceship?
Oh, I know. Hey Goten!
Wake up, there's breakfast.
Huh? What? Breakfast?
Where? Where?
I want breakfast!
Give it to me!
Wow. You really do think
with your stomach, don't you?
Oh! Why are you
down here? Where are we?
Ugh! I've never been here.
How should I know?
[GOTEN] Guess you shouldn't!
I've never been here either!
Whoa! Those look expensive!
Who cares about some plates?
We gotta figure out
where we are.
[gasps]
Goten, where's my dad?
Oh yeah.
Didn't he knock us out?
He did?
[GOTEN]
Mhmm.
Take care, Trunks. All right.
[TRUNKS]
Huh?
No, what'd you do to him?
Why? Why would you ever
hit your son like that?
He was just trying to help!
[groans]
What happened after that?
You see anything?
Come on. First off, we gotta
find out where we are.
[door creaks]
What kinda place is this?
Seems kinda empty,
doesn't it?
Honestly.
Where'd those boys go now?
All right, Kibito.
Your restorative power
should heal him nicely.
[KIBITO grunts]
[gasps]
Hey. Where am I?
[SUPREME KAI chuckles]
Hey, Supreme Kai.
So, where on Earth are we?
We're not on Earth at all.
This is my home,
the World of the Kais.
It's your world? Really?
Wow. That's crazy.
I guess that means I did
die in that battle, huh?
Mm? But shouldn't I have
a halo, just like my dad?
No. You didn't die.
It was a close call but
you managed to pull through.
But then what am I doing
in a crazy place like this?
You don't refer
to the World of the Kais
as "a crazy place."
This is a sanctuary,
that neither lower Kais
nor Guardians
could ever hope to enter,
much less a mortal like you.
Hey, wait a minute,
you're supposed to be dead.
Can you come back
whenever you want?
No. No, I can't.
It's a mystery.
But something has
brought me back to life.
There are powers
at work on your planet.
Far beyond what we realized.
[GOHAN] Seems like
I slept through a lot.
So why am I in this--
uh-- sanctuary?
[KIBITO] I've been wanting
to ask the same thing.
Why, Supreme Kai?
Why bring a mere mortal
to these sacred grounds?
We'll use the Z Sword
to strike down Majin Buu.
I'm certain Gohan
has the spirit required
to wield its great power.
[gasps]
Not the Z Sword?
But, are you sure you're in
your right mind, Supreme Kai?
There's no way that a
mortal could lift the Z Sword,
let alone use it!
Despite all my efforts
I've never been able
to make that
legendary weapon budge,
no more than any of
the other Supreme Kais
who tried their hand before me!
You were dead, Kibito,
so you didn't get to see him.
Gohan possesses
a tremendous power
I never would have
expected either.
But you need
more than brute strength
to wield the Z Sword, sir!
In any event, there's no harm
in letting him try it.
Please come with me, Gohan.
We'll put you to the test.
A mortal laying
his hands on the Z Sword?
What is he thinking?
[GOTEN] This is some
yummy food, isn't it, Trunks?
We still haven't
figured out where we are.
Where do you think
your dad, and Piccolo,
and everybody else is?
Beats me. But you know
you're not supposed
to talk with
your mouth full, right?
You got some pretty
awful manners, Goten.
You should be quiet.
That's what my dad says.
Sorry, Trunks, I forgot.
It's okay, just work on it.
[MR. POPO]
Ah-ha! There you are!
I see you have
a healthy appetite.
Hey, what do you
think you're doing?
We just found this food, okay!
I'm sorry we ate without asking
but what's the big deal?
You got plenty to spare,
you stingy weirdo!
Man! Let go of me, would ya?
Goten, put that spoon down!
I'm being held by a
pointy-eared stranger over here!
Now now, Trunks.
You know it's bad manners
to raise your voice
at the table.
You!
[GOTEN] But you're the one
who said we're supposed
to be quiet when we eat.
I'm trying to work on
my manners, remember?
I should've known
I couldn't rely on you
for help when there's food!
Incredible power!
He's even stronger
than Goku when he was a boy!
Goten, let's get out of here!
[GOTEN]
Yeah!
[MR. POPO]
Wait!
Okay, let him have it.
[MR. POPO hollers]
Now's your chance,
Goten! Run!
[GOTEN]
Okay!
[TRUNKS]
Huh?
--[GOTEN yells]
--[MR. POPO hollers]
Nice work. Got him!
[GOKU] All right boys,
that's enough.
It's my dad!
He's here?
[MR. POPO]
I'm impressed, Goku!
These two have
quite the fighting spirit!
Yeah! And they're
gonna have to
put it to good use really quick!
Teaching them Fusion
really could be the answer.
[BOTH]
Huh?
The landscape here
really is beautiful.
It reminds me a lot
of the countryside
back home, actually. Heh.
[KIBITO]
Mmm.
Those tattered rags
you call clothing
are an insult
to this sacred place.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
You look good
dressed as a Kai, Gohan.
[GOHAN]
Huh?
You really think so?
Up ahead, Gohan.
That's its home.
[GOHAN gasps]
[SUPREME KAI] This is the
Z Sword, the weapon of legend.
See if you can
draw it from the rock.
If what I'm told is true,
no one has been able
to do so in all of its history.
[GOHAN]
A sword in stone, huh?
Heh. Funny, there's also
an old story about
something like this on my world.
[TRUNKS] No! That can't
be true! My dad isn't dead!
You're lying! You're lying!
[wails] No one
can kill my brother! No!
Stop crying! Right now
there's no time to be sad!
The only way
to honor their sacrifice
is to learn this technique
and avenge them.
You understand me?
[TRUNKS, GOTEN sniffle]
[GOKU] I know it seems harsh,
but Babidi could
find out about this place
any moment.
Your training has to start now.
Aren't we gonna use
the Hyperbolic Time Chamber?
No. No one can use
the chamber for more than
two days in their life, right?
There could be a time
down the road
when they'll
need to use it more.
[PICCOLO grunts]
But they'll be okay.
These boys can soak
things up like a sponge,
and they should be able to learn
Fusion faster than you think.
Now, let's get started.
[BOTH sniffle]
I'll need you to learn
this technique, too, Piccolo.
[PICCOLO]
Mmm.
All right, boys.
Good luck. It's up to you now.
What did I say?
You need to stop crying
and be strong.
The world is depending on you
to defeat Majin Buu!
[NARRATOR] Trunks and Goten
will attempt to learn
the powerful Fusion technique,
while unbeknownst to them,
Gohan is alive and well
on the World of the Kais,
and is about to begin
a trial of his own.
Supreme Kai believes
the legendary Z Sword
could be the answer
for stopping Majin Buu.
But only time will tell
if either strategy
can save the world--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Sure is a relief that Gohan
made it out in one piece,
but I've got my hands full
training the boys!
[SUPREME KAI] Gohan,
you need to use the sword
from the World of the Kais!
You can save the
universe from Majin Buu!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
Legendary powers?
I just hope I don't accidentally
cut myself with it.